README.md, before:

# Leetcode Solutions

## 1. Two Sum
- [x] **Method: Hash Table**

## 2. Add Two Numbers
- [x] **Method: Lined List**

## 4. Median of Two Sorted Arrays (Hard)
- [x] **Method: Binary Search** 

## 11. Container With Most Water
- [x] **Method: Two Pointers**

## 50. Pow(x, n)
- [x] **Method: Binary Search**

## 53. Maximum Subarray
- [x] **Method 1: Divide and conquer:**    
Any contiguous subarray A[i...j] of A[low...high] must lie in exactly one of the following places:  
(1) entirely in the subarray A[low...mid], so that low <= i <= j <= mid;  
(2) entirely in the subarray A[mid...high], so that mid <= i <= j <= high;  
(3) or crossing the midpoint, so that low <= i <= mid <= j <= high.
- [x] **Method 2: Dynamic Programming:**   
Define the largest sum of the subarray that ends at nums[i] as dp[i], then  
dp[i] = max(nums[i], nums[i]+dp[i-1]) 

## 146. LRU Cache
- [x] **Method: Hashtable, Doubly Linked List**

## 200. Number of Islands
- [x] **Method 1: DFS**
- [ ] **Method 2: BFS**
- [ ] **Method 3: Union Find**

## 238. Product of Array Except Self
- **Related Topic: Array**

## 912. Sort an Array
- [x] **Method 1: Merge-sort**
- [x] **Method 2: Quick-sort**  
(The difference between the two methods can be found here: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/quicksort-better-mergesort/.)

Commit message:

complete 33. Search in Rotated Sorted Array

README.md, after:

# Leetcode Solutions

## 1. Two Sum
- [x] **Method: Hash Table**

## 2. Add Two Numbers
- [x] **Method: Lined List**

## 4. Median of Two Sorted Arrays (Hard)
- [x] **Method: Binary Search** 

## 11. Container With Most Water
- [x] **Method: Two Pointers**

## 33. Search in Rotated Sorted Array
- [x] **Method: Binary Search** (To be improved ...)

## 50. Pow(x, n)
- [x] **Method: Binary Search**

## 53. Maximum Subarray
- [x] **Method 1: Divide and conquer:**    
Any contiguous subarray A[i...j] of A[low...high] must lie in exactly one of the following places:  
(1) entirely in the subarray A[low...mid], so that low <= i <= j <= mid;  
(2) entirely in the subarray A[mid...high], so that mid <= i <= j <= high;  
(3) or crossing the midpoint, so that low <= i <= mid <= j <= high.
- [x] **Method 2: Dynamic Programming:**   
Define the largest sum of the subarray that ends at nums[i] as dp[i], then  
dp[i] = max(nums[i], nums[i]+dp[i-1]) 

## 146. LRU Cache
- [x] **Method: Hashtable, Doubly Linked List**

## 200. Number of Islands
- [x] **Method 1: DFS**
- [ ] **Method 2: BFS**
- [ ] **Method 3: Union Find**

## 238. Product of Array Except Self
- **Related Topic: Array**

## 912. Sort an Array
- [x] **Method 1: Merge-sort**
- [x] **Method 2: Quick-sort**  
(The difference between the two methods can be found here: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/quicksort-better-mergesort/.)
